In lesson 1, we touched briefly upon microscopy data,
a special type of 2D imaging data.
Now let's dive deeper.
Not all 2D medical images are stored as DICOM.
Microscopy images are not stored in DICOM since they do not come from a digital machine.
Instead, they are biological data and they come
from smeared physical cells onto a slide from patients.
They often need to be transformed into
digital mages using a camera before we can apply machine learning to them.
This transformation technique is called digital pathology.
The first step of transforming microscopy data to
a digital image is to get the sample from the patient,
then cells are dyed into different colors based on their structure,
and viewed by a microscope.
The microscopy data is then captured by a camera to form a digital image.
Once images are digitized,
they can be processed with machine learning in the same way
as you would use the pixel data extracted from DICOMs.